Tell me about yourself.
Walk me through your resume.
What short and long-term goals have you set for yourself, and how do you plan to achieve them?
What two or three accomplishments have given you the most satisfaction?
What are your strengths and weaknesses?
What is the most important lesson you've learned in or outside school?
Why did you choose your major?
How have your studies helped you prepare for this position?
What has been your favorite or least favorite course?
What are your team-player qualities? Give examples.
What is your approach to handling conflict? Solving problems?
Describe a leadership role of yours and tell why you’ve committed time to it.
What work experience has been the most valuable to you?
What was the most useful criticism you received, and who provided it?
How did you decide which extracurricular activities to join? 
What did you gain from these experiences?
What types of situations put you under pressure? How do you deal with the pressure?
Describe the project or situation that best demonstrates your analytical skills.
Describe a situation where you had a conflict with another individual and how you handled it.
Give an example of a problem you solved and the process you used to arrive at the solution.
Describe an idea that you developed and implemented that you felt was particularly creative or innovative.
Tell me about a difficult decision you have made.
Give an example of a situation in which you failed and how you handled it.
Tell me about a time when you had to persuade another person to your point of view.
Tell me about a project you initiated.
When were you wrongly blamed for a mistake and how did you handle it?
What is a time you did something complex with little guidance?
Why Northwestern?
When did you speak to someone with a radically difference point of view?
How did you deal with frustrating news?
What is one more thing you want admissions to know about you?
Leader you admire
Why did you choose your undergrad school?
What would you change about your undergrad experience if you could?
How will you define success in your career?
How do you deal with conflict?
What is the biggest/most important document you have written?
Tell me about your most significant experience speaking in front of other people.
What would you do if you didn't get into any schools?
If you were accepted to all of the schools how would you decide where to go?
What is the most difficult decision you have made?
What was your favorite class? What was you most difficult class?
What do you do for fun?
Who is your favorite author?
Talk about a situation in which you faced an ethical conflict?
Tell us about a situation where your values were challenged?How did you respond and what did you learn?
What's a time you applied for a job and didn't get it? How'd you deal with it?
A time you got frustrating news - how'd you deal with it?
Talk about a time you were very productive - what was the environment like?
When you and a colleague didn't see eye-to-eye - what did you do?
What is something you were developing in a specific direction and decided to change; why and how did you pivot?
Describe a time you had a conversation with someone with a radically different perspective. How did you come to understand their point of view?
Describe a time when you managed a project or people.
What is the most significant project you have managed?
Tell us about an important leadership role.
Tell us about a time you delayed your own well being or desires for the sake of others.
Tell us about a time you overcame something stressful.
What do you expect your biggest challenge will be in Northwestern?
Tell me about the worst boss you have worked for and how you resolved issues.
Talk about a person that was hard difficult to work with, how did you work with them anyway.
Tell me about a time when you taught somebody something.
Tell me about a time you didnt want to do something, but did it anyway.
If you saw one of your classmates crying, what would you say to them, and why?
Think of a teamwork situation you were in where everyone could not agree. What if anything did you do to facilitate better understanding of each other?
Do you solve complex problems with easy solutions, or easy problems with complex solutions?
What is a piece of advice you’ve been given but have a hard time following?
What do you do when someone comes to you with a problem?
What motivated your decision to pursue the major you apply to?
Tell us about a personal attribute that has helped you the most in getting you to where you are today.
What traits do you have that make you a successful leader?
What are the top 3 qualities that you would attribute to your success?
what famous person would you have dinner with and why?
Tell me what you were like four years ago. How are you different now?
One of your classmates bombs a cold call and looks like they're about to cry. What do you say to comfort them after class, and why?
Where do you excel professionally and would love to do as a part of your job?
Tell us about a time you motivated people to drive change in an organization or community.
Tell us about your two weaknesses.
Two things you'd like admissions to know about you that you hadn't already said.
What parts of your life are you most disciplined in? Why do you think that is?
What would you do if your expectations of your job was having a negative impact on your personal relationships?
People are more motivated by altruism than self interest. Do you agree or disagree? Why?
How has "learning by doing" been a part of your life? What are the benefits of it to you?
What is your least favorite thing about your highschool coursework?
Have you been to Chicago during the winter?
What is one word that describes you best?
Tell me about how you persuade people to accept your point of view?
What is most important to you in your job?
What interests you most about your job?
What did you like or dislike about your previous job?
Give me an example of a time you took initiative.
Tell me about the biggest risk you have taken in your life.
What are the most important rewards you expect in your career?
What is the title of the most recent book you have read?
Give me an example of a time when you had to make a split second decision.
Tell me about a time when you had too many things to do and you had to prioritize your tasks.
Describe a situation where you had to request assistance on a project or assignment.
How do you think you can add value to our school?
Who is your mentor?
How would you describe your personal work style?
Give me an example of a time when you had to motivate yourself.
Give me an example of a time when you had to motivate someone else.
Tell me about a time when you had to follow a decision with which you did not agree.
What has been your biggest professional disappointment or letdown?
Tell me what courses you’ve taken and if you have a favorite or least favorite one.  If you do, why is it your favorite/least favorite subject?
What do you think are the strengths/weaknesses of your high school?
If you had to go back and do your high school experience all over again, what would you change and why?
Do you have a favorite teacher?  If so, why is he/she your favorite?  What makes the teacher good?
Have you encountered a particular academic challenge during your years in high school?  If so, what was it and how did you handle it?
Is there something that you will always remember from your high school experience?
If you could create your own course in high school, what would it be and why is it of interest to you?
Tell me about a particularly “hot” issue that has arisen in your high school and your thoughts on it.
If your teachers were to describe you to me, what words would they use?
Can you discuss a project or paper that you were particularly proud of during your high school career?
What are you doing to challenge yourself either in school or out of school?
Name a book you’ve read recently outside of school.  Did you like it/dislike it?
What are your most notable interests and hobbies, and how are you pursuing them?
What activities are you involved in at school?  Which are the most important to you?
What have you personally gotten out of your involvement in your activities?
Do you have what you would consider to be any particularly unique interests?
Are there any accomplishments that you are particularly proud of with respect to your activities?
How have you spent your summers while in high school?
How would you describe your hometown?
Tell me about your family.
What words would your friends use to describe you?
What is your most embarrassing moment?
Tell me what 3 books I’d have to read to get a better sense of who you are.
Talk about an ethical dilemma that you’ve faced and how you’ve handled it.
If you had one year and unlimited funds, what would you do?
How do you want people to remember you?
If you had a weekend with absolutely nothing scheduled, how would you spend your time?
What’s your opinion on (a current event)?
What would you change about yourself?
Do you have a “bucket list”?  What are some things on it?
Do you have a hero/heroine?  If so, who and why do you hold him/her in such high esteem?
How would you contribute to life on a college campus?
What are you looking forward to most about college?
Do you have an idea about what you would like to major in?
What would you like to do after college?
If you were standing in front of the admissions committee, what would you tell them to convince them to admit you?  What makes you unique?
Describe the kind of college environment you are looking for.
What have I not told you that you want to know about the school?